CrowdStrike Falcon - Raptor release (#34805)
demisto/content: Packs/CrowdStrikeFalcon/ReleaseNotes/2_0_0.md

#### Integrations

##### CrowdStrike Falcon

> - Deprecated the ***cs-falcon-get-behavior*** Command, no replacement available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Deprecated the ***cs-falcon-get-behavior*** command. No replacement available.
```

- Added support for alignment with the Raptor release, which will become the default and cause a breaking change. A checkbox has been added for older versions.

> - In Command ***cs-falcon-search-detection*** the following outputs will no longer exist in the default version:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The following outputs not  longer exist in the default version in the ***cs-falcon-search-detection*** command:
```

> - In Command ***cs-falcon-search-detection*** the following outputs will no longer exist in the default version:

Reviewer 2: How this will impact the current PBs?
`id: CrowdStrike Falcon - Get Detections by Incident`
`id: CrowdStrike Falcon - SIEM ingestion Get Incident Data`

>  *CrowdStrike.Detections.behaviors.ioc_source*,
>   *CrowdStrike.Detections.behaviors.ioc_description*,
>    *CrowdStrike.Detections.first_behavior*,
>     *CrowdStrike.Detections.max_confidence*,
>      *CrowdStrike.Detections.max_severity_displayname*,
>       *CrowdStrike.Detections.behaviors.behavior_id*,
>        *CrowdStrike.Detections.last_behavior*,
>         *CrowdStrike.Detections.max_severity*,
>         *CrowdStrike.Detections.assigned_to_uid*,
>          *CrowdStrike.Detections.assigned_to_name*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - *CrowdStrike.Detections.behaviors.ioc_source*
   - *CrowdStrike.Detections.behaviors.ioc_description*
   - *CrowdStrike.Detections.first_behavior*
   - *CrowdStrike.Detections.max_confidence*
   - *CrowdStrike.Detections.max_severity_displayname*
   -  *CrowdStrike.Detections.behaviors.behavior_id*
   - *CrowdStrike.Detections.last_behavior*
   - *CrowdStrike.Detections.max_severity*
   - *CrowdStrike.Detections.assigned_to_uid*
   - *CrowdStrike.Detections.assigned_to_name*
```

> - Added a new fetch type  ***- On-Demand Scans Detection***.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Note: Additional commands' non-declared outputs might have been changed.

- Added a new fetch type  ***- On-Demand Scans Detection***.
```

#### Mappers

##### New: Legacy CrowdStrike Falcon Mapper

> - New: Added a legacy mapper to support the old CrowdStrike version.
> 
> ##### CrowdStrike Falcon Mapper
> 
> - Added support for **CrowdStrike Falcon On-Demand Scans Detection** incident type, along with alignment to the latest CrowdStrike version.
> 
> ##### New: Legacy CrowdStrike Falcon Mapper
> 
> - New: Added a legacy mapper to support the old CrowdStrike version. (for lower xsoar versions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New: Added a legacy mapper to support the old CrowdStrike version.

##### CrowdStrike Falcon Mapper

Added support for the **CrowdStrike Falcon On-Demand Scans Detection** incident type, along with alignment to the latest CrowdStrike version.

##### New: Legacy CrowdStrike Falcon Mapper

New: Added a legacy mapper to support the old CrowdStrike version. (for lower Cortex XSOAR versions).
```

#### Incident Fields

- New: CrowdStrike Falcon Platform Name

- New: CrowdStrike Falcon Product Type Description

- New: CrowdStrike Falcon Scan Id

- New: CrowdStrike Falcon Scan Name

- New: CrowdStrike Falcon System Manufacturer

- New: CrowdStrike Falcon System Product Name

##### Behaviour Objective

> - Added the `CrowdStrike Falcon On-Demand Scans Detection` incident type as an associated types.
> 
> ##### Behaviour Tactic
> 
> - Added the `CrowdStrike Falcon On-Demand Scans Detection` incident type as an associated types. 
>   
> ##### CrowdStrike Falcon Detection Type
> 
> - Added the `CrowdStrike Falcon On-Demand Scans Detection` incident type as an associated types.
> 
> ##### CrowdStrike Falcon Pattern ID
> 
> - Added the `CrowdStrike Falcon On-Demand Scans Detection` incident type as an associated types.
> 
> #### Incident Types
> 
> - New: CrowdStrike Falcon On-Demand Scans Detection

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added the `CrowdStrike Falcon On-Demand Scans Detection` incident type as an associated type.

##### Behavior Tactic

Added the `CrowdStrike Falcon On-Demand Scans Detection` incident type as an associated type. 
  
##### CrowdStrike Falcon Detection Type

Added the `CrowdStrike Falcon On-Demand Scans Detection` incident type as an associated type.

##### CrowdStrike Falcon Pattern ID

Added the `CrowdStrike Falcon On-Demand Scans Detection` incident type as an associated type.

#### Incident Types

New: CrowdStrike Falcon On-Demand Scans Detection
```

#### Classifiers

##### CrowdStrike Falcon Incident Classifier

> - Added support for **CrowdStrike Falcon On-Demand Scans Detection**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added support for **CrowdStrike Falcon On-Demand Scans Detection**.
```

#### Integrations

##### CrowdStrike Falcon

- Deprecated the ***cs-falcon-get-behavior*** command. No replacement available.
- Added support for alignment with the Raptor release, which will become the default and cause a breaking change. Users who wish to stick with the older version can select the new checkbox and switch to the legacy mapper.
- In Command ***cs-falcon-search-detection*** the following outputs will not exist in the default version:
   - *CrowdStrike.Detections.behaviors.ioc_source*
   - *CrowdStrike.Detections.behaviors.ioc_description*
   - *CrowdStrike.Detections.first_behavior*
   - *CrowdStrike.Detections.max_confidence*
   - *CrowdStrike.Detections.max_severity_displayname*

>    -  *CrowdStrike.Detections.behaviors.behavior_id*

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   - *CrowdStrike.Detections.behaviors.behavior_id*
```
